Add support for `ready_for_review` GitHub PR event (#1955)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/running.md

pipelinesascode.tekton.dev/on-event: "[pull_request]"
```

> When a Pull Request is created, the PipelineRun will be automatically triggered
> and executed, provided that the person who submitted it has the appropriate
> permissions (see below).

Author: Looks like the sentence starts just above the block code, so this should be 

```suggestion
it will be automatically triggered and executed when a user with appropriate permissions submits a Pull Request. See ACL Permissions for running on a event below.
```

Reviewer: I am bit lost with the edit 😅  feel free to just push --force-with-lease over my commit to your branch :) so i can approve

When using GitHub as a provider, Pipelines-as-Code will not run on draft Pull Requests until

> you set the Pull Request as ready for review.

Author: From my experience, PAC **does** run on draft PRs when you push a new commit or just update the PR to the latest `main` / `master` branch (both produce the `pull_request` event with `synchronize` action)

However, users can opt out from running pipelines on draft PRs by adding `!body.pull_request.draft` in the `on-cel-expression` annotation:
```
pipelinesascode.tekton.dev/on-cel-expression: event == "pull_request" && !body.pull_request.draft
```

Author: Given the above, I'd change the language to something like (sorry you'll need to remove the slashes `\` in the code block):

```suggestion
When using GitHub as a provider, Pipelines-as-Code runs on draft Pull Requests by default. However, you can prevent pipelines from triggering on draft Pull Requests by using the following annotation:

\```yaml
pipelinesascode.tekton.dev/on-cel-expression: event == "pull_request" && !body.pull_request.draft
\```

With this configuration, your pipeline will only be triggered when the Pull Request is converted to "Ready for Review." For additional examples, see [Advanced event matching using CEL](https://pipelinesascode.com/docs/guide/matchingevents/#advanced-event-matching-using-cel).
```

Reviewer: oh really, thought github didn't send events.... but i guess if we didn't run on draft i would have heard about it from users :) 

thanks for the clarification and the example

Author: absolutely!
